[Music]
[Applause]
yeah can I say how it where it picks up
can I say yeah yeah okay okay it picks
up really flash back and then John's
dead except John's dad yeah and now he's
abandoned me so I'm left with three
children one of which is a newborn baby
I've got a baby box and that's about all
she's got you get a wooden box with
oxygen and a baby in it and you're
running around with it there were times
where John needed the baby to kind of
cry a bit and there's that we have a
photograph I think of me and Killian and
the phone is trying to wake up a
sleeping baby with the mask on it was
just like that just thrilled to be in
the box
so in between the first movie and the
sequel how much time elapsed I think I
mean there was a good couple of years
okay so then John had this because it
seemed like that you'd never have a
sequel to that movie yeah yeah and then
John had to figure it out which John got
to figure it out yes I shot Jungle
Cruise in Hawaii and Atlanta so that's
quite a difference it's quite this is
the Disney Jungle Cruise between up and
comical Dwayne Jones Dwayne Johnson now
did your nose in were they on the set of
both films they were yes well they loved
coming on Jungle Cruise they didn't love
a quiet place well let's just draw a
comparison says okay it's a Disney ride
there's an awesome boat there was a
talking parrot
it was in kawaii Dwayne Johnson's there
mm-hmm
kids like Dwayne Johnson's love Dwayne
Johnson hmm kids didn't like the
monsters they didn't love them we shot
in Buffalo in an abandoned steel mill
that was almost illegal to be shooting
to be in there and our youngest came on
it was just like where's the creature
we were pointing at tennis bulls and she
was like no it's gonna jump out I don't
blame her for being fearful no and this
is so interesting because this is like a
franchise now and it has become so
successful that you and John Orr have
are dipping your toes in the airline
industry well yes I mean we thought it
was sort of time to diversify because
you know the brand is now out there it's
just a good time to get into the airline
industry listen it could be rocky
starting off uh-huh
seems like maybe you might want to push
the launch so okay all right well and we
have the first video announcing those
very exciting take a look hello Bonjour
Ola
Nihao we know you have choices when you
travel so thank you for choosing us the
only airline with silence guaranteed
please pay attention to these safety
instructions the make our aircrafts the
quietest in the sky it's important to
keep your mouth securely closed at all
times so are you from Oh use of cellular
phones is not permitted onboard could
not believe it
and please keep your baby at the lowest
possible volume in the event you need to
make a sound one of our helpful cabin
creatures will assist you creatures I
know annoying announcements you can earn
points and bonuses with the even from
flight attendants keep your feet on the
ground not because they're loud because
they are gross and if you even think
about bringing one of these so-called
support animals on our airline make sure
it's a fish thank you for flying a quiet
plane now shut up and enjoy your flight
[Applause]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel an evil wizard has
trapped me inside this YouTube video
click subscribe to help me escape